docs: fix auto-import differences for composables and components folder (#22062)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/1.concepts/1.auto-imports.md

> # Auto imports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Auto-imports
```

</script>
```

### Disabling Auto-imports

> If you want to disable auto-importing of composables and utilities, you can set `imports.autoImport` to `false` in your `nuxt.config.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable auto-importing composables and utilities, you can set `imports.autoImport` to `false` in the `nuxt.config` file.
```

## Disable Auto-imports

> In case you want to disable auto-imports, you can set `imports.autoImport` to `false` in your `nuxt.config.ts`. By default, this configuration disables auto-imports for the composables folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Composables

If you want to disable auto-importing of composables and utilities, you can set `imports.autoImport` to `false` in your `nuxt.config.ts`.
```

})
```

> This will disable auto imports completely but it's still possible to use [Explicit Imports](#explicit-imports) from `#imports`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will disable auto-imports completely but it's still possible to use [explicit imports](#explicit-imports) from `#imports`.
```

## Auto-imported Components

> Nuxt also automatically imports components from your `~/components` directory, although this is configured separately from auto-importing of composables and utility functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt also automatically imports components from your `~/components` directory, although this is configured separately from auto-importing composables and utility functions.
```
